Furkan Ercan (Member, IEEE) is a Staff Research Scientist at Intel Corporation, Hudson, MA, USA. He received his B.Sc. in Electrical & Electronics Engineering and M.Sc. in Sustainable Environment & Energy Systems from Middle East Technical University, Turkiye, in 2011 and 2015, respectively. He earned his Ph.D. at McGill University, Montreal, QC, Canada, in 2020, specializing in advanced polar decoder algorithms and their implementations. His career trajectory includes positions as a 5G Algorithm Developer at Octasic in 2021 and as a Postdoctoral Associate at Boston University in 2022. Dr. Ercan's research is centered on algorithms, signal processing, and the hardware and software implementations for channel coding in the domains of 5G, 6G, and satellite communications. He has made significant contributions to the field, documented through various journals, patents, book chapters, and awards. Dr. Ercan currently serves as an Associate Editor for IEEE Communications Letters, where he continues to contribute his expertise to the advancement of communication technologies.



Furkan Ercan is a Staff Research Scientist at Intel Corporation USA. He earned his Ph.D. at McGill University in Canada, specializing in 5G communications algorithms and realizing them into practice. He was previously a Postdoctoral Associate at Boston University, in collaboration with MIT and Maynooth University, where he was involved in 6G research & development. Furkan's research and teaching efforts in the field of communications has made significant contributions, documented through various journals, patents, book chapters, and awards. Furkan's career trajectory involves various paths in academia, industry and startup ventures. He currently serves as Associate Editor for IEEE Communications Letters, an active WTC member, co-founder and entrepreneur for an AI-powered B2B startup venture, Program Chair for several flagship conferences, and father to a one-year-old.



Furkan Ercan is an experienced research scientist. He earned his Ph.D. at McGill University in Canada, specializing in 5G communications algorithms and realizing them into practice. He was previously a Staff Research Scientist at Intel, specializing on configurable satellite communication technologies. Prior to Intel, Furkan was a Postdoctoral Associate at Boston University, in collaboration with MIT and Maynooth University, where he was involved in 6G research & development. Furkan's research and teaching efforts in the field of communications has made significant contributions, documented through various journals, patents, book chapters, and awards. Furkan's career trajectory involves various paths in academia, industry and startup ventures. He currently serves as Associate Editor for IEEE Communications Letters, an active WTC member, co-founder and entrepreneur for an AI-powered B2B startup venture, Program Chair for several flagship conferences, and father to a one-year-old.